Add access control (#10222)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/CustomRoutes.md

As illustrated above, there can be more than one `<CustomRoutes>` element inside an `<Admin>` component.

## Securing Custom Routes

> By default, custom routes can be accessed even by non connected users. If you want to restrict access to authenticated users, use the [`<Authenticated>`](./Authenticated.md) component when defining the route.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, custom routes can be accessed even by anomymous users. If you want to restrict access to authenticated users, use the [`<Authenticated>`](./Authenticated.md) component when defining the route.
```
